Well, we're going to begin.
Welcome, everyone!
There's one student that we're still missing,
but if she shows up, we'll add her to the end.
Thank you, thank you!
Your children have worked hard this year—every
one of them.
I'm amazed.
I just told one of my kids yesterday that
my beginner group class has emptied.
They're all in the intermediate-to-book-two, now.
So, that's so encouraging!
And also the work, as you know, is thanks
to the parents, who are at home, making them practice.
I want to give you a couple little details.
After we're all finished there are refreshments
that you all have provided (thank you).
If you would please keep them out of the sanctuary
(the big room) that would be great.
Hopefully I've set enough chairs out there,
but if you need to you can drag a chair
and have a seat in the foyer, if you would.
Each student will play two pieces.
And when they're finished, they don't necessarily need to return to their seats.
If they need to come see their parent, that's fine. Okay?
So without further ado, we're going to skip
over Miss Anya, (because she's not here today)
and Grace is going to start. Come on up, Grace!